Indeed, so we have to design an inerface to our application.

diapo 1:
There is what we thought. A Frame divided in 3 areas and a toolbar.

diapo 2:
On the first zone we got the 2D drawing panel, it's the zone where we will draw our object.
The second it's a vue of the existing 3D model of our project.
And here, the list of these figures and the original frame.


Now, we will see a normal use, our objective it's to draw a red cube. 
And put it on the top left hand corner of the grey cube.
Let's start

diapo 3:
To begin we click on the new shape bouton, it allow us to draw on the zone. 
To do that, we have access to a drawing menu with some tools.
A 2D cube is a square so we simply have to draw a red square.

Now we want to extrude it.

diapo 4:
When you click on the extrude item, a windows open and ask you the size of the extrusion.
after that we have to place our cube on the corner. 
To do that we choose a reference in our 3D world

diapo 5:
To place an item in a 3D environment we have 6 possiblemovements : 3 translations and 3 rotations. One on each axis.
We want to make it simple and easy to use, so we have cut that in 3 steps.

these parts are similars.
First we will move the screen to a 2D vue with the point of vue of the arrow
We will then face the side we chose, on the original object.

diapo 6:
here we can move the red square with the cursors in a 2D frame.
with this stape we have possibility to move in 2 translation and 1 rotation.

after that the screen will show us a 2D vue of the 2 other direction and allow us the same thing

diapo 7:
With all of that, ce finaly placed our object in the 3D environment.
But a last thing can be modify, is the size of our item. There will be a scaling bar who control that.

So now we have a 3D obect composed by 2 items : a grey and a red cube. 
We will then have to export it to the server, that will add it in the rv room.


diapo 8:
To export just click on the buton export and it's finish.

the last boutons are an edit tool, a delete, a button to switch this two zone and a parameter
a normal user don't have to click on this.







This is our first objective. If we finish that early, we will try to make an tool to make some spheries.