Indeed, so to allow a novive user to create a complex 3D model since 2D drawing and send it to a vr room
we have decide to cut that in few step. The user will draw in 2D and make 3D simple form. 
After he will put this forms in a 3D environment

To that we have deign a windows like that

diapo 1:
A Frame divided in 3 areas and a toolbar.

diapo 2:
On the first zone we got the 2D drawing panel, it's the zone where we will draw our object.
The second it's a vue of the existing 3D model of our project.
And here, the list of these figures and the original frame.


Now, we will see a normal use, our objective it's to draw a red cube. 
And put it on the top left hand corner of the grey cube.
Let's start to draw it in 2D for beginning

diapo 3:
To begin we click on the new shape bouton, it allow us to draw on the zone. 
To do that, we have access to a drawing menu with some tools.
A 2D cube is a square so we simply have to draw a red square.

Now we want to extrude it.

diapo 4:
When you click on the extrude item, a windows open and ask you the size of the extrusion.
after that we have to place our cube on the corner. 
To do that we choose a reference in our 3D world, our object will be place next to it.
We have also the possibilities of allow the choice of different plane around this figure
,but we didn't really choose the way already.
and after we will be allow to move it in the 3D environment

diapo 5:
To place an item in a 3D environment we have 7 possiblemovements : 3 translations, 3 rotations ,one on each axis
and the size of the object. 
We want to make it simple and easy to use, so we have cut that in 3 steps.

these parts are really similars.
First we will move the screen to a 2D vue with the point of vue of the arrow. 
And in this plane we will be able to move our object.

diapo 6:
here we can move the red square with the cursors in the 2D frame.
with this stape we have possibility to move in 2 translation and 1 rotation.

after that the screen will show us a 2D vue of the 2 other direction and allow us the same thing

diapo 7:
With all of that, ce finaly placed our object in the 3D environment.
But a last thing can be modify, is the size of our item. There will be a scaling bar who control that.

So now we have a 3D obect composed by 2 items : a grey and a red cube. 
We will then have to export it to the server, that will add it in the rv room.


diapo 8:
To export just click on the buton export and it's finish.

the last boutons are an edit tool, a delete, a button to switch this two zone and a parameter
a normal user don't have to click on this.



This is our first objective. If we finish that early, we will try to make an tool to make some spheries.
